More examples (#11)
DevExpress/testcafe-examples: examples/iterate-over-table-rows/README.md

# Iterate Over Table Rows

**Test Code**: [index.js](index.js)

> This example shows how to iterate over table rows.

Reviewer: Why iterate 'over'?

Author: @dirk-pieterse `iterate over` is a much more common way to phrase this, especially when it comes to programming concepts. There is some info on it [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2715388/is-it-iterate-through-or-iterate-over-something).

Reviewer: Ok. I'm familiar with programming concepts, such as 'to iterate something', but I've not come across 'iterate over' before.

> The [example page](index.html) contains a table over which the test code iterates. Select the table and get the total number of rows in it:

Reviewer: same here

Author: Same as [here](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/pull/11#discussion_r392165191)

```js
const table        = Selector('table');
const dataRows     = table.find('tbody > tr');
const dataRowCount = await dataRows.count;
```

When `dataRowCount` is available, the test can iterate over the rows. In the example, the iteration is done in a `for` loop.

> In each row, the test checks the cell where the index is equal to one and whether it contains the text `Smith`. If the following row is even, the test checks if this row has a checkbox in a checked state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In each row, the test checks which cell's index is equal to one and whether it contains the text `Smith`. If the following row is even, the test checks if this row has a checkbox in a checked state.
```

Reviewer: row is even? Explain

Author: @dirk-pieterse table row the index of which can be divided by two is called even, the rest are called odd. Example of usage can be found [here](https://www.w3.org/Style/Examples/007/evenodd.en.html)

Reviewer: Ok
